Add docs (#1)
IntuitiveWebSolutions/gen3-template: tests/integration/specs/README.md

## Writing tests and structuring spec directories and files

This is where all the integration tests for the app would live.

### Directory structure

It is recommended that a consistent directory structure be followed to make the whole thing easy to reason about and predictable.

> We recommend breaking down your page into multiple logical sections (not literally) and use these as the top level folders names in PascalCase. Inside these folders, there would be multiple spec files to test different parts and components that are a part of this logical section. Use kebab-case to name the spec files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To organize your tests, we recommend breaking the conversion page into logical sections. These testing areas would be represented in your `specs` directory as the top level folders, named in PascalCase. Inside these folders, there would be multiple spec files to test different parts and components that are a part of this logical section. Use kebab-case to name the spec files.
```
